As I look back on the the mission that we've had here
on the International Space Station,
I'm proud to have been a part of much of
the science activities that happened over the last
two months.
The view is always amazing
I didn't think I would do another
spacewalk and to now have the chance to have done
four more was just icing on the cake for a
a wonderful mission.
Does the 10th one feel like the first one?
No, a little more comfortable on the tenth one.
It's hard to put into words
just what it was like to be a part of
this expedition, expedition 63. It'll be
kind of a memory that will last a
lifetime for me. It's been a true honor.
Dragon SpaceX
undock sequence commanded. Thrusters
looking good.
The hardest part was getting us launched,
but the most important part is bringing us home.
Rise and shine Daddy. We love you.
Hurry home so we can go get my dog.
Splashdown!
Welcome back to planet Earth and thanks for flying SpaceX.
It's truly our honor and privilege.
Space Dads are back on Earth
after a 19-hour return journey from space.